feat: i18n (#153)
joinmarket-webui/joinmarket-webui: src/i18n/README.md

# Translating Jam

We use [Transifex](https://www.transifex.com/joinmarket/jam/) for managing Jam's translations.

## For Developers

Our source language, i.e. the language we develop in, is English.
If you add text to the app, make sure not to use plain language in source files.

> Instead add your any strings to the English translation file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead add any strings to the English translation file:
```

```
src/i18n/locales/en/translation.json
```

Then, use the `i18next-react` [translation hook](https://react.i18next.com/latest/usetranslation-hook) in source files.
Don't worry about other languages.

### Example

Source File:

```jsx
// src/components/Hello.jsx

import React from 'react'
import { useTranslation } from 'react-i18next'

export default function HelloComponent() {
  const { t } = useTranslation()

  return <h1>{t('hello.heading')}</h1>
}
```

Translation file:

```json
// src/i18n/locales/en/translation.json

{
  "hello": {
    "heading": "Hello, world!"
  }
}
```

### Background

> We've [connected Transifex with our GitHub repo](https://docs.transifex.com/transifex-github-integrations/github-tx-ui).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Transifex [is connected with our GitHub repo](https://docs.transifex.com/transifex-github-integrations/github-tx-ui).
```

Whenever new translation strings land on `master` (e.g. when being added as part of a new feature in a PR), [Transifex](https://www.transifex.com/joinmarket/jam/) will automatically add those new strings to the Transifex web app.

> Whenever translations on Transifex are done and reviewed, Transifex will open a PR on GitHub which will give us the chance to integrate translated texts into the app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whenever translations on Transifex are done and reviewed, Transifex will open a PR on GitHub to integrate newly translated texts into the app.
```
